capital = 267
oob = "AFG"

set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.65

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }

  else = {
    set_technology = {
      gwtank = 1
      basic_light_tank = 1
    }
  }
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_40
	constitutional_monarchy
	
	AFG_tribal_influences_afghanistan_idea
	AFG_afghan_nationalism_idea
	AFG_mounting_opposition_king_idea
	AFG_backward_army_and_economy_idea
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 5
  fasci = 16
  social_democrat = 12
  liberal = 8
  illuminist = 0
  social_conservative = 4
  authoritarian_democrat = 38
  paternal_autocrat = 7
  national_populist = 10
  revivalist = 0
}

add_coalition_paternal_autocrat = yes 

recruit_character = AFG_Mohammed_Nadir_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Nur_Muhammad_Taraki
recruit_character = AFG_Gul_Pacha_Ulfat
recruit_character = AFG_Habibullāh_Kalakāni
recruit_character = AFG_Sardar_Shah_Wali_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Mohammed_Daoud_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Khan_Abdul_Ghaffar_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Abdul_Majid_Zabuli
recruit_character = AFG_Mohammed_Nadir_Shah
recruit_character = AFG_Abdul_Hadi_Dawai
recruit_character = AFG_Muhammed_Ghobar
recruit_character = AFG_Muhammed_Hashim
recruit_character = AFG_Shah_Wali_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Inayatullah_Khan_Seraj
recruit_character = AFG_Mir_Gul_Khan_Nasir
recruit_character = AFG_Ghulam_Mohammad_Farhad
recruit_character = AFG_Ali_Muhammed_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Haji_Faiz_Muhammed_Zikeria
recruit_character = AFG_Mohammed_Hashim_Maiwandwal
recruit_character = AFG_Nasirullah_Husain
recruit_character = AFG_Ahmad_Ali_Khan_Solaiman
recruit_character = AFG_Mirza_Ali_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Dada_Amir_Haider_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Asadullah_Seraj_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Muhammed_Zahir
recruit_character = AFG_Ghulam_Faruq_Usman
recruit_character = AFG_Khalilullah_Khalili
recruit_character = AFG_Shah_Mahmud_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Shah_Mahmud_Ghazi
recruit_character = AFG_Gholam_Wali
recruit_character = AFG_Ghulam_Nabi_Charkhi
recruit_character = AFG_Transitional_Government
recruit_character = AFG_Mohammed_Zahir_Khan
recruit_character = AFG_Amanullah_Khan

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = AFG_Shah_Wali_Khan_hog_ade
activate_advisor = AFG_Abdul_Hadi_Dawai_for_ade
activate_advisor = AFG_Ahmad_Ali_Khan_Solaiman_eco_ade
activate_advisor = AFG_Muhammed_Ghobar_sec_ade