capital = 6

oob = "BEL"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 80
set_stability = 0.70
set_war_support = 0.30

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "BEL_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "BEL_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}
add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_80
	GEN_entente_member
	BEL_pillarized_society
	BEL_national_unity_government
	BEL_linguistic_debacle
	constitutional_monarchy
}

add_coalition_social_democrat = yes 
add_coalition_illuminist = yes 
set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_conservative
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	vanguardist = 0
	collectivist = 7
	fasci = 1
	social_democrat = 36
	liberal = 0
	illuminist = 12
	social_conservative = 40
	paternal = 0
	paternal_autocrat = 0
	national_populist = 4
	revivalist = 0
}

# DIPLOMACY
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = COG
		autonomous_state = autonomy_colony
	}
	else = {
		puppet = COG
	}
}

country_event = {
	id = bca.1
	days = 5
}

recruit_character = BEL_Albert_van_Belgie
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Emile_Janson
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Henri_Spaak
recruit_character = BEL_Leonie_La_Fontaine
recruit_character = BEL_Leon_Degrelle
recruit_character = BEL_Joseph_Jacquemotte
recruit_character = BEL_Julien_Lahaut
recruit_character = BEL_Hendrik_de_Man
recruit_character = BEL_Joris_van_Severen
recruit_character = BEL_Staf_de_Clercq
recruit_character = BEL_MCL_Keyaerts
recruit_character = BEL_Victor_Van_Strydonck_de_Burkel
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Baptiste_Piron
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Timmermans
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_van_Zeeland
recruit_character = BEL_Prince_Karel
recruit_character = BEL_Leopold_van_Belgie
recruit_character = BEL_War_van_Overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_Lucie_Dejardin
recruit_character = BEL_Achille_Van_Acker
recruit_character = BEL_Victor_de_Laveleye
recruit_character = BEL_Frans_Van_Cauwelaert
recruit_character = BEL_Hubert_Pierlot
recruit_character = BEL_Dr_August_Borms
recruit_character = BEL_Edgar_Lalmand
recruit_character = BEL_Louis_Paul_Boon
recruit_character = BEL_Camille_Huysmans
recruit_character = BEL_Jules_Pire
recruit_character = BEL_Eugene_Soudan
recruit_character = BEL_Roger_Motz
recruit_character = BEL_Gaston_Eyskens
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_d_Aspremont_Lynden
recruit_character = BEL_Ward_Hermans
recruit_character = BEL_Jef_Francois
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Marteaux
recruit_character = BEL_Abraham_Leon
recruit_character = BEL_Adhemar_Henneaut
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Wauters
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_Pomaret
recruit_character = BEL_Jules_Merlot
recruit_character = BEL_Alexandre_Galopin
recruit_character = BEL_Franz_de_Voghel
recruit_character = BEL_Maurice_Lippens
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Theunis
recruit_character = BEL_Gustaaf_Sap
recruit_character = BEL_Hendrik_Heyman
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Duvieusart
recruit_character = BEL_Rene_Lambrichts
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Terfve
recruit_character = BEL_Willem_Eekelers
recruit_character = BEL_Felix_Van_den_Bergh
recruit_character = BEL_Adolphe_Van_Glabbeke
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Deveze
recruit_character = BEL_Victor_Maistriau
recruit_character = BEL_Albert_Janssen
recruit_character = BEL_August_De_Schryver
recruit_character = BEL_Francois_Bovesse
recruit_character = BEL_Jean_Rey
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Thone
recruit_character = BEL_Emiel_Thiers
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Ouwerx
recruit_character = BEL_Adolphe_Cumont
recruit_character = BEL_Auguste_Baesens
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Deffontaine
recruit_character = BEL_Georges_Vereecken
recruit_character = BEL_Gustave_Fromont
recruit_character = BEL_Olivier_Derousseaux
recruit_character = BEL_Oscar_Michiels
recruit_character = BEL_Charles_Bastin
recruit_character = BEL_Edouard_Van_Den_Bergen
recruit_character = BEL_Lambert_Chardome
recruit_character = BEL_Raoul_van_Overstraeten
recruit_character = BEL_Rene_Lagrou
recruit_character = BEL_Yvan_Gerard
recruit_character = BEL_Etienne_Glorie
recruit_character = BEL_Fritz_Conrad
recruit_character = BEL_Henri_Decarpentrie
recruit_character = BEL_Edouard_Blondeel
recruit_character = BEL_Felix_Iserentant
recruit_character = BEL_Fritz_Lob
recruit_character = BEL_LFE_Wouters
recruit_character = BEL_Paul_Nothomb
recruit_character = BEL_Rene_Legros

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = BEL_Paul_Van_Zeeland_hog_sco
activate_advisor = BEL_Roger_Motz_for_mli
activate_advisor = BEL_Albert_Wauters_eco_sde
activate_advisor = BEL_Francois_Bovesse_sec_sco