capital = 302

oob = "BOL"
set_stability = 0.4
set_war_support = 0.4
set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "BOL_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "BOL_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = liberal
	last_election = "1934.11.11"
	election_frequency = 72
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	fasci = 10
	social_democrat = 10
	national_populist = 5
	revivalist = 20
	vanguardist = 15
	collectivist = 15
	social_conservative = 10
	illuminist = 0
	liberal = 10
	paternal = 5
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_10
	civilian_economy
	export_focus
	volunteer_only
	BOL_shameful_defeat
	presidential_republic
}

recruit_character = BOL_Guillermo_Lora
recruit_character = BOL_Orlando_Capriles
recruit_character = BOL_Gustavo_Adolfo_Navarro
recruit_character = BOL_Jose_Enrique_Hertzog_Garaizabal
recruit_character = BOL_Jose_Tejada_Sorzano
recruit_character = BOL_Waldo_Belmonte_Pool
recruit_character = BOL_Daniel_Sanchez_Bustamante_Vasquez
recruit_character = BOL_Bautista_Saavedra_Mallea
recruit_character = BOL_Carlos_Blanco_Galindo
recruit_character = BOL_Hugo_Ballivian_Rojas
recruit_character = BOL_Oscar_Unzaga_de_la_Vega
recruit_character = BOL_Gualberto_Villarroel_Lopez
recruit_character = BOL_Carlos_Salinas_Aramayo
recruit_character = BOL_Luis_Guachalla_Solares
recruit_character = BOL_Eduardo_Anze_Matienzo
recruit_character = BOL_Adolfo_Costa_du_Reis
recruit_character = BOL_Alberto_Ostria_Gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_Enrique_Finot
recruit_character = BOL_Enrique_Baldivieso_Aparicio
recruit_character = BOL_Gonzalo_Romero_Alvarez_Garcia
recruit_character = BOL_Edwin_Moller
recruit_character = BOL_Roberto_Jordan
recruit_character = BOL_Hernando_Siles_Reyes
recruit_character = BOL_Moritz_Hochschild
recruit_character = BOL_Abdon_Saavedra_Mallea
recruit_character = BOL_Daniel_Domingo_Salamanca_Urey
recruit_character = BOL_Walter_Guevara_Arze
recruit_character = BOL_General_Pastor_Baldivieso
recruit_character = BOL_Jose_David_Toro_Ruilova
recruit_character = BOL_Juan_Sanjines
recruit_character = BOL_Mariano_Basptista
recruit_character = BOL_Jose_Santos_Quinteros
recruit_character = BOL_Tomas_Monje_Gutierrez
recruit_character = BOL_Roberto_Hinojosa
recruit_character = BOL_German_Butron
recruit_character = BOL_Nestor_Guillen_Olmos
recruit_character = BOL_Julian_V_Montellano_Carrasco
recruit_character = BOL_Ronan_Monje_Roca
recruit_character = BOL_Bernardino_Bilbao_Rioja
recruit_character = BOL_Tristan_Marof
recruit_character = BOL_Jose_Antonio_Arze
recruit_character = BOL_Carlos_Salazar_Mostajo
recruit_character = BOL_Jose_Luis_Tejada_Sorzano
recruit_character = BOL_Santos_Marka_T_ula
recruit_character = BOL_Enrique_Penaranda
recruit_character = BOL_David_Toro
recruit_character = BOL_Carlos_Quintanilla_Quiroga
recruit_character = BOL_German_Busch
recruit_character = BOL_Francisco_Imana
recruit_character = BOL_Dionisio_Choque
recruit_character = BOL_Mariano_Poma
recruit_character = BOL_Francisco_Saire
recruit_character = BOL_Eduardo_Nina_Quispe
recruit_character = BOL_Joaquin_Quispe

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = BOL_Jose_Tejada_Sorzano_hog_sli
activate_advisor = BOL_Eduardo_Anze_Matienzo_for_sli
activate_advisor = BOL_Moritz_Hochschild_eco_mli
activate_advisor = BOL_Jose_Santos_Quinteros_sec_sli