capital = 48

oob = "BUL"

set_convoys = 30
set_stability = 0.60
set_war_support = 0.5

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_10
	limited_conscription
	military_junta
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "BUL_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "BUL_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 1
  collectivist = 4
  fasci = 2
  social_democrat = 2
  social_liberal = 6
  market_liberal = 3
  social_conservative = 18
  authoritarian_democrat = 23
  paternal_autocrat = 9
  national_populist = 32
  valkist = 0
}

recruit_character = BUL_Konstantin_Muraviev
recruit_character = BUL_Georgi_Dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_Todor_Zhivkov
recruit_character = BUL_Vasil_Kolarov
recruit_character = BUL_Aleksandar_Malinov
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Mushanov
recruit_character = BUL_Boris_III
recruit_character = BUL_Racho_Petrov
recruit_character = BUL_Ivan_Dochev
recruit_character = BUL_Hristo_Lukov
recruit_character = BUL_Teodosi_Daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Nedev
recruit_character = BUL_Asen_Nikolov
recruit_character = BUL_Pencho_Zlatev
recruit_character = BUL_Rusi_Rusev
recruit_character = BUL_Konstantin_Bekyarov
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Hadzhipetov
recruit_character = BUL_Ivan_Valkov
recruit_character = BUL_Kimon_Georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_Konstantin_Lukash
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Nakov
recruit_character = BUL_Ivan_Variklechkov
recruit_character = BUL_Sava_Ivanov
recruit_character = BUL_Dimo_Kazasov
recruit_character = BUL_Dimitur_Gichev
recruit_character = BUL_Atanas_Burov
recruit_character = BUL_Georgi_Kyoseivanov
recruit_character = BUL_Petko_Stainov
recruit_character = BUL_Raiko_Daskalov
recruit_character = BUL_Zheko_Dimitrov
recruit_character = BUL_Grigor_Cheshmedzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_Boyan_Smilov
recruit_character = BUL_Tsanko_Tserkovski
recruit_character = BUL_Konstantin_Batolov
recruit_character = BUL_Stefan_Klechkov
recruit_character = BUL_Ivan_Stefanov
recruit_character = BUL_Yanko_Sakazov
recruit_character = BUL_Georgi_Iordanov
recruit_character = BUL_Velichko_Koznichki
recruit_character = BUL_Aleksandur_Obbov
recruit_character = BUL_Slaveiko_Vasilev
recruit_character = BUL_Petur_Todorov
recruit_character = BUL_Asen_Kantardzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_Vasil_Ikonomov
recruit_character = BUL_Krustyo_Pastukhov
recruit_character = BUL_Vergil_Dimov
recruit_character = BUL_Dimitur_Vurbenov
recruit_character = BUL_Rashko_Madzharov
recruit_character = BUL_Spas_Duparinov
recruit_character = BUL_Damyan_Velchev
recruit_character = BUL_Lyuben_Kostov
recruit_character = BUL_Aleksand≈≠r_Kisov
recruit_character = BUL_Nikola_Bakurdzhiev
recruit_character = BUL_Todor_Georgiev
recruit_character = BUL_Trifon_Trifonov
recruit_character = BUL_Dimitur_Airanov
recruit_character = BUL_Gancho_Manchev
recruit_character = BUL_Vasil_Boydev

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = BUL_Ivan_Dochev_hog_npo
activate_advisor = BUL_Stefan_Klechkov_for_npo
activate_advisor = BUL_Asen_Kantardzhiev_eco_npo
activate_advisor = BUL_Lyuben_Kostov_sec_npo