capital = 306

oob = "COL"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.45
set_war_support = 0.75

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "COL_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "COL_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "COL_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "COL_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1934.2.11"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  market_liberal = 16
  liberal = 7
  social_conservative = 16
  authoritarian_democrat = 2
  paternal_autocrat = 28
  social_democrat = 6
  fasci = 4
  national_populist = 10
  vanguardist = 3
  collectivist = 8
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_20
	COL_reparations_to_peru
	COL_patria_revancha
	presidential_republic
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Antioquia Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		parent_version = 0
		name_group = COL_DD_HISTORICAL
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Antioquia Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = COL_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = COL_Gilberto_Vieira
recruit_character = COL_Diego_Mendoza_Perez
recruit_character = COL_Pedro_Nel_Gomez_Agudelo
recruit_character = COL_Leon_de_Greiff
recruit_character = COL_Eduardo_Santos_Montejo
recruit_character = COL_Ismael_Perdomo_Borrero
recruit_character = COL_Carlos_Arango_Velez
recruit_character = COL_Carlos_Lozano_y_Lozano
recruit_character = COL_Nemesio_Camacho_Macias
recruit_character = COL_Gabriel_Suarez_Orrantia
recruit_character = COL_Marco_Fidel_Suarez
recruit_character = COL_Roberto_Urdaneta_Arbelaez
recruit_character = COL_Antonio_Jose_Uribe_Gaviria
recruit_character = COL_Ruben_Piedrahita_Arango
recruit_character = COL_Laureano_Eleuterio_Gomez_Castro
recruit_character = COL_Pedro_Maria_Carreno
recruit_character = COL_Pedro_Aquilino_Lopez_Medina
recruit_character = COL_Laureano_Garcia_Ortiz
recruit_character = COL_Alfonso_Lopez_Michelsen
recruit_character = COL_Alejandro_Galvis_Galvis
recruit_character = COL_Francisco_Cardona_Santa
recruit_character = COL_Francisco_Jose_Urrutia_Olano
recruit_character = COL_Luis_Lopez_de_Mesa_Gomez
recruit_character = COL_Fernando_Londono_y_Londono
recruit_character = COL_Juan_Jose_Antonio_Montalvo_Berbeo
recruit_character = COL_Miguel_Abadia_Mendez
recruit_character = COL_Julio_Cesar_Turbay_Ayala
recruit_character = COL_Carlos_Eugenio_Restrepo_Restrepo
recruit_character = COL_Esteban_Jaramillo
recruit_character = COL_Clemente_Escalona_Labarces
recruit_character = COL_Francisco_Antonio_Barberi_Zamorano
recruit_character = COL_Antonio_Jose_Restrepo_Trujillo
recruit_character = COL_Carlos_Alberto_Lleras_Restrepo
recruit_character = COL_Santander_Araujo
recruit_character = COL_Benito_Hernandez_Bustos
recruit_character = COL_Julian_Bucheli_Ayerbe
recruit_character = COL_Gregorio_Obregon
recruit_character = COL_Pedro_Nel_Ospina_Vazquez
recruit_character = COL_Luis_Acevedo
recruit_character = COL_Gabriel_Paris_Gordillo
recruit_character = COL_Carlos_Cortes_Vargas
recruit_character = COL_Baldomero_Sanin_Cano
recruit_character = COL_Santiago_Martinez_Delgado
recruit_character = COL_Eduardo_Zalamea_Borda
recruit_character = COL_Felix_Restrepo_Mejia_S_J
recruit_character = COL_Dario_Echandia_Olaya
recruit_character = COL_Tomas_Oziel_Eastman_Lemus
recruit_character = COL_Tulio_Enrique_Tascon_Quintero
recruit_character = COL_Humberto_Chica_Pinzon
recruit_character = COL_Benjamin_Herrera_Cortes
recruit_character = COL_Enrique_Gomez_Hurtado
recruit_character = COL_Jose_Vicente_Concha_Ferreira
recruit_character = COL_Guillermo_Padilla_Manrique
recruit_character = COL_Alfredo_Vazquez_Carrizosa
recruit_character = COL_Alberto_Narino_Cheyne
recruit_character = COL_Arturo_Lema_Posada
recruit_character = COL_Camilo_Daza_Alvarez
recruit_character = COL_Alfonso_Lopez_Pumarejo
recruit_character = COL_Mariano_Ospina_Perez
recruit_character = COL_Jorge_Eliecer_Gaitan
recruit_character = COL_Laureano_Gomez
recruit_character = COL_Eliso_Arango_Ramos
recruit_character = COL_Alfredo_Vasquez_Cobo
recruit_character = COL_Gustavo_Rojas_Pinilla
recruit_character = COL_German_Ocampo
recruit_character = COL_Eduardo_Bonitto_Vega
recruit_character = COL_Diogenes_Gil
recruit_character = COL_Carlos_Pinzon_Azuero
recruit_character = COL_Regulo_Gaitan_Patino
recruit_character = COL_Julio_Berrio_Paris

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = COL_Ruben_Piedrahita_Arango_hog_pau
activate_advisor = COL_Julio_Cesar_Turbay_Ayala_for_pau
activate_advisor = COL_Gabriel_Paris_Gordillo_eco_pau
activate_advisor = COL_Alfredo_Vazquez_Carrizosa_sec_pau