capital = 9

oob = "CZE"

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "CZE_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "CZE_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
      early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = {
    NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  }
  
}
if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
    improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
			improved_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	GEN_entente_member
	CZE_suspended_democracy
	CZE_memories_of_the_revolution
	CZE_ethnic_tensions
	
	military_junta
}	
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.50
set_war_support = 0.50

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal_autocrat
	last_election = "1934.6.12"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    vanguardist = 3
    collectivist = 3
    fasci = 3
    social_democrat = 13
    social_liberal = 11
    market_liberal = 8
    social_conservative = 9
    authoritarian_democrat = 9
    paternal_autocrat = 39
    national_populist = 2
    revivalist = 0
}

recruit_character = CZE_Josef_Snejdarek
recruit_character = CZE_Edvard_Benes
recruit_character = CZE_Radola_Gajda
recruit_character = CZE_Rudolf_Beran
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Rys_Rozsevač
recruit_character = CZE_Klement_Gottwald
recruit_character = CZE_Antonin_Hampl
recruit_character = CZE_Viktor_Dyk
recruit_character = CZE_Vojtěch_Luza
recruit_character = CZE_Ludvik_Svoboda
recruit_character = CZE_Karel_Klapalek
recruit_character = CZE_Richard_Tesařik
recruit_character = CZE_Sergej_Vojcechovsky
recruit_character = CZE_Emanuel_Moravec
recruit_character = CZE_Bohuslav_Vrbensky
recruit_character = CZE_Vilem_Brodecky
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Garrigue_Masaryk
recruit_character = CZE_Rudolf_Mlčoch
recruit_character = CZE_Bedřich_Homola
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Sramek
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Černy
recruit_character = CZE_Emil_Hacha
recruit_character = CZE_Alois_Elias
recruit_character = CZE_Frantisek_Mikulas_Mlčoch
recruit_character = CZE_Rudolf_Slansky
recruit_character = CZE_Artur_London
recruit_character = CZE_Gertruda_Sekaninova_Čakrtova
recruit_character = CZE_Arnost_Heidrich
recruit_character = CZE_Frantisek_Josef_Kinsky
recruit_character = CZE_Kamil_Krofta
recruit_character = CZE_Petr_Zenkl
recruit_character = CZE_Bedřich_Neumann
recruit_character = CZE_Michael_Rustler_von_Neuenacker
recruit_character = CZE_Josef_Svagrovsky
recruit_character = CZE_Frantisek_Chvalkovsky
recruit_character = CZE_Augustin_Kliment
recruit_character = CZE_Zdeněk_Nejedly
recruit_character = CZE_Frantiska_Plaminkova
recruit_character = CZE_Ludwig_Czech
recruit_character = CZE_Emil_Franke
recruit_character = CZE_Josef_Kalfus
recruit_character = CZE_Jiři_Hejda
recruit_character = CZE_Vladislav_Brdlik
recruit_character = CZE_Vladimir_Kajdos
recruit_character = CZE_Jiři_Střibrny
recruit_character = CZE_Bruno_Kohler
recruit_character = CZE_Antonin_Srba
recruit_character = CZE_Alfred_Meissner
recruit_character = CZE_Rudolf_Bechyne
recruit_character = CZE_Prokop_Drtina
recruit_character = CZE_Jaroslav_Stransky
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Kapras
recruit_character = CZE_Robert_Mayr_Harting
recruit_character = CZE_Frantisek_Machnik
recruit_character = CZE_Josef_Jezek
recruit_character = CZE_Ladislav_Kobsinek
recruit_character = CZE_Bruno_Sklenovsky
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Sergej_Ingr
recruit_character = CZE_Jaroslav_Čihak
recruit_character = CZE_Frantisek_Bartos
recruit_character = CZE_Bohumil_Bosek
recruit_character = CZE_Frantisek_Zaviska
recruit_character = CZE_Ludvik_Krejči
recruit_character = CZE_Jaroslav_Eminger
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Syrovy
recruit_character = CZE_Otto_Blaha
recruit_character = CZE_Antonin_Hasal
recruit_character = CZE_Robert_Rychtrmoc
recruit_character = CZE_Jan_Prokop
recruit_character = CZE_Josef_Frantisek
recruit_character = CZE_Karel_Janousek
recruit_character = CZE_Karel_Kuttelwascher

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = CZE_Alois_Elias_hog_pau
activate_advisor = CZE_Josef_Svagrovsky_for_pau
activate_advisor = CZE_Vladimir_Kajdos_eco_pau
activate_advisor = CZE_Josef_Jezek_sec_pau

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Avia B.534"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Aero A.101"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Letov S-16"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
}