capital = 446
oob = "EGY"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
	set_air_oob = "EGY_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
		set_air_oob = "EGY_air_legacy"
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }
  else = {
    set_technology = {
      gwtank = 1
    }
  }
}

set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.50
set_war_support = 0.50


ENG = {
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Together for Victory" }
		set_autonomy = {
			target = PREV
			autonomous_state = autonomy_protectorate
			freedom_level = 0.5
		}
	}
	else = {
		puppet = PREV
	}
}
set_cosmetic_tag = ENG_EGY

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 2
  collectivist = 8
  libertarian_socialist = 5
  social_democrat = 13
  social_liberal = 3
  market_liberal = 22
  social_conservative = 18
  authoritarian_democrat = 17
  paternal_autocrat = 7
  national_populist = 5
  valkist = 0
}
set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_40
	constitutional_monarchy
	
	EGY_feudal_lords
	EGY_harboring_senussies
	EGY_illiterate_populace
	EGY_agricultural_economy
	EGY_outdated_military
}

add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = ITA
	modifier = EGY_harboring_senussies
}
add_opinion_modifier = {
	target = LBA
	modifier = EGY_harboring_senussies
}

recruit_character = EGY_Farouk_I
recruit_character = EGY_Aleister_Crowley
recruit_character = EGY_Gamal_Abdel_Nasser
recruit_character = EGY_Ahmad_Mahir
recruit_character = EGY_Ibrahim_Abdel_Hady
recruit_character = EGY_Mohammed_Naguib
recruit_character = EGY_Fouad_Serageddin
recruit_character = EGY_Makram_Ebeid
recruit_character = EGY_Mohamed_Mahmoud
recruit_character = EGY_Mostafa_El_Nahas
recruit_character = EGY_Abbas_Mahmud_al_Aqqad
recruit_character = EGY_Ahmed_Naguib_el_Hilaly
recruit_character = EGY_Aly_Maher
recruit_character = EGY_Hassan_al_Hudaybi
recruit_character = EGY_Hussein_Serry
recruit_character = EGY_Hassan_al_Banna
recruit_character = EGY_Mohamed_Tawfik_Naseem
recruit_character = EGY_Sayyid_Qutb
recruit_character = EGY_Aziz_Ezzat
recruit_character = EGY_Sherif_Sabri
recruit_character = EGY_Salah_Salem
recruit_character = EGY_Kamil_Abdul_Rahim
recruit_character = EGY_Abdul_Khalek_Hassouna
recruit_character = EGY_Hassan_Sabry
recruit_character = EGY_Ali_Shamsi
recruit_character = EGY_Abdelfattah_Amr
recruit_character = EGY_Ahmed_Hassanein
recruit_character = EGY_Mohammed_Ali_Tewfik
recruit_character = EGY_Abdel_Latif_Boghdadi
recruit_character = EGY_Saba_Habachy
recruit_character = EGY_Talaat_Harb
recruit_character = EGY_Hassan_Allam
recruit_character = EGY_Mohamed_Ahmed_Farghaly
recruit_character = EGY_Youssef_Zulficar
recruit_character = EGY_Muhammad_Anwar_el_Sadat
recruit_character = EGY_Taha_Hussein
recruit_character = EGY_Muhammad_Husayn_Haykal
recruit_character = EGY_Abbas_al_Aqqad
recruit_character = EGY_Abdel_Hamid_Badawi
recruit_character = EGY_Sheikh_Mahmud_Shaltut
recruit_character = EGY_Hussein_Refki
recruit_character = EGY_Mohamed_Haidar
recruit_character = EGY_Ahmed_Abdel_Aziz
recruit_character = EGY_Suleiman_Ezzat
recruit_character = EGY_Mahmoud_Hamza
recruit_character = EGY_Mohammed_Sidqi
recruit_character = EGY_Victor_Hubert_Tait

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = EGY_Mohamed_Tawfik_Naseem_hog_ade
activate_advisor = EGY_Ahmed_Hassanein_for_pau
activate_advisor = EGY_Sayyid_Qutb_eco_ade
activate_advisor = EGY_Muhammad_Anwar_el_Sadat_sec_sde