capital = 13

oob = "EST"

set_stability = 0.55
set_war_support = 0.35
set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 15

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "EST_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "EST_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
		}
	}
}

add_coalition_social_conservative = yes 
add_coalition_market_liberal = yes 

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 0
  fasci = 0
  social_democrat = 1
  liberal = 7
  market_liberal = 2
  social_conservative = 12
  authoritarian_democrat = 35
  paternal_autocrat = 2
  national_populist = 41
  revivalist = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_40
	limited_conscription
	presidential_republic
	
	EST_ineffective_government_and_unrest_idea
	EST_university_of_tartu_idea
	EST_memories_communist_uprising_idea
}

recruit_character = EST_Karl_Sare
recruit_character = EST_Jaan_Karner
recruit_character = EST_August_Rei
recruit_character = EST_Otto_Strandman
recruit_character = EST_Jaan_Tonisson
recruit_character = EST_Konstantin_Pats
recruit_character = EST_Johan_Laidoner
recruit_character = EST_Artur_Sirk
recruit_character = EST_Jaan_Org
recruit_character = EST_Aleksander_Tonisson
recruit_character = EST_Jaan_Kruus
recruit_character = EST_Andres_Larka
recruit_character = EST_Johan_Pitka
recruit_character = EST_Arnold_Veimer
recruit_character = EST_Johannes_Lauristin
recruit_character = EST_Johannes_Vares_Barbaruse
recruit_character = EST_Oskar_Sepre
recruit_character = EST_Juri_Uluots
recruit_character = EST_Kaarel_Liidak
recruit_character = EST_Otto_Tief
recruit_character = EST_Kaarel_Eenpalu
recruit_character = EST_Hjalmar_Mae
recruit_character = EST_Hans_Kruus
recruit_character = EST_Nigol_Andresen
recruit_character = EST_Ants_Piip
recruit_character = EST_Friedrich_Karl_Akel
recruit_character = EST_Julius_Seljamaa
recruit_character = EST_Karl_Selter
recruit_character = EST_Juhan_Narma_Nihtig
recruit_character = EST_Nikolaus_Pilankor
recruit_character = EST_Paul_Keerdo
recruit_character = EST_Hugo_Partelpoeg
recruit_character = EST_Leo_Sepp
recruit_character = EST_Alfred_Vendt
recruit_character = EST_Aleksander_Rusev
recruit_character = EST_Andrey_Murro
recruit_character = EST_Boris_Kumm
recruit_character = EST_Maksim_Unt
recruit_character = EST_August_Jurima
recruit_character = EST_Johannes_Klesment
recruit_character = EST_Richard_Veermaa
recruit_character = EST_Karl_Sigismund_Litzmann
recruit_character = EST_Oskar_Angelus
recruit_character = EST_Nikolay_G_Karotamm
recruit_character = EST_Alexander_Jaakson
recruit_character = EST_Johan_Holberg
recruit_character = EST_Nikolai_Reek
recruit_character = EST_Johannes_Soodla
recruit_character = EST_Alfons_Rebane
recruit_character = EST_Juhan_Tuuling
recruit_character = EST_Oskar_Eiriksson
recruit_character = EST_Alex_Nirk
recruit_character = EST_Voldemar_Mere
recruit_character = EST_Richard_Tomberg

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = EST_Konstantin_Pats_hog_ade
activate_advisor = EST_Julius_Seljamaa_for_ade
activate_advisor = EST_Karl_Selter_eco_ade
activate_advisor = EST_Oskar_Angelus_sec_npo