capital = 231 #Tbilisi

oob = "GEO"

set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.53
set_war_support = 0.5

add_coalition_fasci = yes 

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "GEO_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "GEO_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns"
	}
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	set_naval_oob = "GEO_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			transport = 1
			early_submarine = 1
		}
		set_naval_oob = "GEO_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    vanguardist = 1
    collectivist = 4
    fasci = 36
    social_democrat = 32
    liberal = 11
    illuminist = 6
    social_conservative = 5
    paternal = 2
    paternal_autocrat = 1
    national_populist = 2
    revivalist = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_60
	limited_conscription
	limited_exports
	parliamentary_republic

	GEO_junker_school
	GEO_menshevik_schism
	GEO_separatism
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } 
	### Ship Variants ###
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Gamanadgurebeli"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Torpedo Boat"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Tskhalqvesha Navi"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

recruit_character = GEO_Grigol_Robakidze
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Bagration_Mukhraneli
recruit_character = GEO_Raphiel_Ingilo_Ivanitski
recruit_character = GEO_Aleqsandre_Asatiani
recruit_character = GEO_Ioseb_Baratashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Akaki_Chkhenkeli
recruit_character = GEO_Irakli_Tsereteli
recruit_character = GEO_Polikarp_Mdivani
recruit_character = GEO_Sergo_Ordzhonikidze
recruit_character = GEO_Lavrentiy_Beria
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Mazniashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Khimshiashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Valiko_Jugheli
recruit_character = GEO_Kakutsa_Cholokashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Abashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Yaroslav_Iosseliani
recruit_character = GEO_Ioseb_Jugashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Mamia_Orakhelashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Revaz_Gabashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Mikheil_Tsereteli
recruit_character = GEO_Georges_Vasili_Matchabelli
recruit_character = GEO_Salva_Karumidze
recruit_character = GEO_Levan_Gogoberidze
recruit_character = GEO_Mikheil_Kakhiani
recruit_character = GEO_Grigol_Uratadze
recruit_character = GEO_Zurab_Avalishvili
recruit_character = GEO_Simon_Mdivani
recruit_character = GEO_Akaki_Khoshtaria
recruit_character = GEO_Haidar_Bammat
recruit_character = GEO_Konstantine_Gamsakhurdia
recruit_character = GEO_Alexander_Svanidze
recruit_character = GEO_Ilya_Tsivtsivadze
recruit_character = GEO_Beso_Lominadze
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Tsintsadze
recruit_character = GEO_Teimuraz_Chelidze
recruit_character = GEO_Victor_Tevzaia
recruit_character = GEO_Mammad_Yusif_Jafarov
recruit_character = GEO_Grigol_Natadze
recruit_character = GEO_Georgi_Atarbekov
recruit_character = GEO_Mikhail_Givishiani
recruit_character = GEO_Vlasa_Mgeladze
recruit_character = GEO_Ruben_Ter_Minasian
recruit_character = GEO_Aslan_Beg_Abashidze
recruit_character = GEO_Ioseb_Gedevanishvili
recruit_character = GEO_Leo_Kereselidze
recruit_character = GEO_Shalva_Maglakelidze
recruit_character = GEO_Simon_Arshaki_Ter_Petrosian
recruit_character = GEO_Andria_Chiabrishvili
recruit_character = GEO_Artem_Jijikhia
recruit_character = GEO_Ivane_Kazbegi
recruit_character = GEO_Aleksandre_Andronikashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Konstantin_Leselidze
recruit_character = GEO_Aleks_Inauri
recruit_character = GEO_Varden_Tsuluksidze
recruit_character = GEO_Vikto_Lomidze
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Tumanishvili
recruit_character = GEO_Vakhtang_Makashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Evstafii_Tatanashvili
recruit_character = GEO_Chichiko_Bendeliani
recruit_character = GEO_Nikolo_Abramishvili
recruit_character = GEO_Hamo_Ohanjanyan
recruit_character = GEO_Peri_Khan_Sofieva
recruit_character = GEO_Dimitri_Zedginidze_Amilakhvari
recruit_character = GEO_Valerian_Tevzadze
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Mamaladze
recruit_character = GEO_Pavle_Abranmidze
recruit_character = GEO_Giorgi_Kvinitadze

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = GEO_Akaki_Chkhenkeli_hog_sde
activate_advisor = GEO_Grigol_Uratadze_for_col
activate_advisor = GEO_Victor_Tevzaia_eco_sde
activate_advisor = GEO_Vlasa_Mgeladze_sec_lib