capital = 43

oob = "HUN"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.30
set_war_support = 0.90

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "HUN_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "HUN_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = {
    NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank = 1
    basic_light_tank = 1
  }
}
if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = despotist
	last_election = "1920.1.25"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 1
  collectivist = 2
  fasci = 8
  social_democrat = 9
  liberal = 3
  illuminist = 7
  social_conservative = 10
  paternal = 7
  futurist = 1
  despotist = 51
  revivalist = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc_tfv = yes
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = SLO
		autonomy_state = autonomy_puppet
	}
	else = {
		puppet = SLO
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_00
  hun_trianon
  hun_economic_ruin
  disarmed_nation
	parliamentary_republic
}

recruit_character = HUN_Matyas_Rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Kun
recruit_character = HUN_Imre_Nagy
recruit_character = HUN_Mihaly_Karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Nagy
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Friedrich
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Horthy
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Szalasi
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Feketehalmy_Czeydner
recruit_character = HUN_Geza_Lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_Ivan_Hindy
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_Lajos_Veress
recruit_character = HUN_Vilmos_Nagy_de_Nagybaczon
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Kiraly
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Hennyey
recruit_character = HUN_Andras_Littay
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Miklos
recruit_character = HUN_Dome_Sztojay
recruit_character = HUN_Dezső_Laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_Szilard_Bakay
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Jany
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Bartha
recruit_character = HUN_Kocsard_Janky
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Rajk
recruit_character = HUN_Sandor_Garbai
recruit_character = HUN_Arpad_Szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Rassay
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Miklos_de_Dalnok
recruit_character = HUN_Endre_Bajcsy_Zsilinszky
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Esterhazy
recruit_character = HUN_Zoltan_Tildy
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Keresztes_Fischer
recruit_character = HUN_Geza_Lakatos_de_Csikszentsimon
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Bethlen
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Bartha_de_Dalnokfalva
recruit_character = HUN_Pal_Teleki_de_Szek
recruit_character = HUN_Dezső_Pattantyus_Abraham
recruit_character = HUN_Gyula_Gombos_de_Jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Daranyi_de_Pusztaszentgyorgyi
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Bardossy
recruit_character = HUN_Erik_Molnar
recruit_character = HUN_Mate_Zalka
recruit_character = HUN_Jozsef_Pogany
recruit_character = HUN_Imre_Csaky
recruit_character = HUN_Moric_Esterhazy
recruit_character = HUN_Francois_Deak
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Gyongyosi
recruit_character = HUN_Edgar_Keksz
recruit_character = HUN_Gustav_Hennyey
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Csaky
recruit_character = HUN_Jenő_Ghyczy
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Kanya
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Kallay_de_Nagykallo
recruit_character = HUN_Gabor_Kemeny
recruit_character = HUN_Ernő_Gerő
recruit_character = HUN_Zoltan_Vas
recruit_character = HUN_Rezső_Fiedler
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Zsedenyi
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Gratz
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Olgyay
recruit_character = HUN_Imre_Oltvanyi
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Winchkler
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Imredy_de_Omoravia
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Endre
recruit_character = HUN_Lajos_Remenyi_Schneller
recruit_character = HUN_Tihamer_Fabinyi
recruit_character = HUN_Jenő_Racz
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Erdei
recruit_character = HUN_Mihaly_Farkas
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Vago
recruit_character = HUN_Jozsef_Revai
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Peyer
recruit_character = HUN_Oszkar_Jaszi
recruit_character = HUN_Gabor_Ugron
recruit_character = HUN_Jozsef_Szell
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Bonczos
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Baky
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Banffy
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Szell
recruit_character = HUN_Miklos_Kozma
recruit_character = HUN_Andor_Jaross
recruit_character = HUN_Gabor_Vajna
recruit_character = HUN_Antal_Lehar
recruit_character = HUN_Ferenc_Szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_Gusztav_Cziegler
recruit_character = HUN_Vilmos_Rőder
recruit_character = HUN_Sandor_Szurmay
recruit_character = HUN_Nikolaj_Berzin
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Voros
recruit_character = HUN_Hugo_Sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_Henrik_Werth
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Shvoy
recruit_character = HUN_Lajos_Csatay_de_Csataj
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Hardy
recruit_character = HUN_Rezső_Kasztner
recruit_character = HUN_Sandor_Csia
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_Kalman_Ternegg_Ratz
recruit_character = HUN_Laszlo_Tomor

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = HUN_Laszlo_Bardossy_hog_pau
activate_advisor = HUN_Gabor_Kemeny_for_npo
activate_advisor = HUN_Jenő_Racz_eco_npo
activate_advisor = HUN_Andor_Jaross_sec_npo