capital = 335 #Jakarta

oob = "INS_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
# clone of Holland
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	transport = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
  basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	INS_war_for_insulindian_independence_idea
	INS_non_existing_economy_idea
	INS_political_instability_idea
	presidential_republic
}

set_convoys = 10
set_stability = 0.35
set_war_support = 0.55

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no

}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 4
  collectivist = 20
  fasci = 5
  social_democrat = 0
  social_liberal = 3
  market_liberal = 0
  social_conservative = 21
  authoritarian_democrat = 35
  paternal_autocrat = 4
  national_populist = 8
  revivalist = 0
}


recruit_character = INS_Munawar_Musso
recruit_character = INS_Sudisman
recruit_character = INS_Amir_Hamzah
recruit_character = INS_Semaun
recruit_character = INS_Amir_Sjarifuddin
recruit_character = INS_Tan_Malaka
recruit_character = INS_Sutan_Sjahrir
recruit_character = INS_Abdul_Wahid_Hasyim
recruit_character = INS_Mohammed_Natsir
recruit_character = INS_Mohammed_Hatta
recruit_character = INS_Sukarno
recruit_character = INS_Abdul_Kahar_Muzakkar
recruit_character = INS_Hamengkubuwono_IX
recruit_character = INS_Sekarmadji_Kartosoewirjo
recruit_character = INS_Subandrio
recruit_character = INS_Agus_Salim
recruit_character = INS_Adam_Malik
recruit_character = INS_Sukarni
recruit_character = INS_Ide_Anak_Agung_Gde_Agung
recruit_character = INS_Abdul_Malik
recruit_character = INS_Mohammed_Roem
recruit_character = INS_Achmad_Soebardjo
recruit_character = INS_Ali_Sastroamidjojo
recruit_character = INS_Ruslan_Abdulgani
recruit_character = INS_Albertus_Sugiyapranata
recruit_character = INS_Ipik_Gandamana
recruit_character = INS_Isa_Anshari
recruit_character = INS_Alimin
recruit_character = INS_Njoto
recruit_character = INS_Rustam_Effendi
recruit_character = INS_Sumitro_Djojohadikusumo
recruit_character = INS_Chairul_Saleh
recruit_character = INS_Utomo_Ramelan
recruit_character = INS_Soenarjo_Kolopaking
recruit_character = INS_Wilopo
recruit_character = INS_Kasman_Singodimedjo
recruit_character = INS_Sjafruddin_Prawiranegara
recruit_character = INS_Alexander_Maramis
recruit_character = INS_Wongsonegoro
recruit_character = INS_Ibnu_Hadjar
recruit_character = INS_Ignatius_J_Kasimo
recruit_character = INS_Mangkunegara_VIII
recruit_character = INS_Prawoto_Mangkusasmito
recruit_character = INS_Suparna_Sastra_Diredja
recruit_character = INS_Albert_M_Sipahoetar
recruit_character = INS_Maria_Ulfah_Santoso
recruit_character = INS_Teuku_Muhammad_Hasan
recruit_character = INS_Halibno_Tjokroaminoto
recruit_character = INS_Sahardjo
recruit_character = INS_Daud_Beureueh
recruit_character = INS_Ki_Bagus_Hadikusumo
recruit_character = INS_Paku_Alam_VIII
recruit_character = INS_Tirto_Adhi_Suryo
recruit_character = INS_Adnan_Kapau_Gani
recruit_character = INS_Daan_Jahja
recruit_character = INS_Gavan_Subroto
recruit_character = INS_Ignatius_Slamet_Rijadi
recruit_character = INS_Masjkur
recruit_character = INS_Ahmad_Husein
recruit_character = INS_Ahmad_Yunus_Mokoginta
recruit_character = INS_Dahlan_Djambek
recruit_character = INS_Ventje_Sumual
recruit_character = INS_Djamin_Ginting
recruit_character = INS_Hamid_Rusdi
recruit_character = INS_Rokus_Bernardus_Visser
recruit_character = INS_Sutomo
recruit_character = INS_Augustus_Rosenow
recruit_character = INS_Eddy_Mardinata
recruit_character = INS_Mas_Pardi
recruit_character = INS_R_Muljadi
recruit_character = INS_R_Soebijakto
recruit_character = INS_Yos_Sudalib
recruit_character = INS_R_Suhadi
recruit_character = INS_Agustinus_Adisucipto
recruit_character = INS_Halim_Perdanakusuma
recruit_character = INS_Nurtanio_Pringgoadisuryo
recruit_character = INS_Abdul_Rachman_Saleh
recruit_character = INS_Adisumarmo_Wiryokusumo
recruit_character = INS_Djalaludin_Tantu
recruit_character = INS_Ignatius_Dewanto
recruit_character = INS_Leo_Wattimena
recruit_character = INS_Tjilik_Riwut
recruit_character = INS_Hasyim_Asy_ari
recruit_character = INS_Gusti_Raden_Mas_Dorodjatun
recruit_character = INS_Sudirman
recruit_character = INS_Urip_Sumohardjo

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = INS_Sukarno_hog_ade
activate_advisor = INS_Achmad_Soebardjo_for_ade
activate_advisor = INS_Alexander_Maramis_eco_ade
activate_advisor = INS_Sahardjo_sec_ade