capital = 110

oob = "NOR"

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 125		# biggest merchant marine in the world
set_stability = 0.57
set_war_support = 0.52
add_manpower = 45000

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "NOR_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "NOR_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_submarine = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		}
	}
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "NOR_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "NOR_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}

add_coalition_collectivist = yes 

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = libertarian_socialist
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_40
	limited_conscription
	
	NOR_monarchist_right_idea
	NOR_war_on_samfundsvernet_idea
	NOR_socialism_surrounded_idea
	
	presidential_republic
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 2
  collectivist = 8
  libertarian_socialist = 35
  social_democrat = 7
  social_liberal = 13
  market_liberal = 19
  social_conservative = 5
  authoritarian_democrat = 4
  paternal_autocrat = 3
  national_populist = 2
  valkist = 2
}

recruit_character = NOR_Olav_V
recruit_character = NOR_Olav_Scheflo
recruit_character = NOR_Martin_Tranmæl
recruit_character = NOR_Johan_Nygaardsvold
recruit_character = NOR_Johan_Ludwig_Mowinckel
recruit_character = NOR_Ingolf_Elster_Christensen
recruit_character = NOR_Jens_Hundseid
recruit_character = NOR_Victor_Mogens
recruit_character = NOR_HM_King_Haakon_VII
recruit_character = NOR_Vidkun_Quisling
recruit_character = NOR_Stein_Barth_Heyerdahl
recruit_character = NOR_Kristian_Laake
recruit_character = NOR_Carl_Gustav_Fleischer
recruit_character = NOR_Otto_Ruge
recruit_character = NOR_William_Steffens
recruit_character = NOR_Wilhelm_von_Tangen_Hansteen
recruit_character = NOR_Hans_Reidar_Holtermann
recruit_character = NOR_Elias_Corneliussen
recruit_character = NOR_Edvard_Christian_Danielsen
recruit_character = NOR_Henry_Diesen
recruit_character = NOR_Carsten_Tank_Nielsen
recruit_character = NOR_Odd_Isaachsen_Willoch
recruit_character = NOR_Hakon_Meyer
recruit_character = NOR_Halvard_Olsen
recruit_character = NOR_Haakon_Lie
recruit_character = NOR_Konrad_Nordahl
recruit_character = NOR_Sverre_Stostad
recruit_character = NOR_Magnus_Nilssen
recruit_character = NOR_Hakon_Five
recruit_character = NOR_Carl_Joachim_Hambro
recruit_character = NOR_Johan_Henrik_Andresen
recruit_character = NOR_Einar_Borch
recruit_character = NOR_Carl_Gulbranson
recruit_character = NOR_Johan_Bernhard_Hjort
recruit_character = NOR_Gulbrand_Lunde
recruit_character = NOR_Jonas_Lie
recruit_character = NOR_Karl_Marthinsen
recruit_character = NOR_Albin_Eines
recruit_character = NOR_Elias_Volan
recruit_character = NOR_Arnulf_Overland
recruit_character = NOR_Arvid_Gilbert_Hansen
recruit_character = NOR_Nordahl_Grieg
recruit_character = NOR_Wilhelm_Morgenstierne
recruit_character = NOR_Halvdan_Koht
recruit_character = NOR_Trygve_Lie
recruit_character = NOR_Erik_Colban
recruit_character = NOR_Jacob_Worm_Muller
recruit_character = NOR_Arne_Scheel
recruit_character = NOR_Ivar_Lykke
recruit_character = NOR_Birger_Braadland
recruit_character = NOR_Jon_Leirfall
recruit_character = NOR_Adolf_Hoel
recruit_character = NOR_Albert_Viljam_Hagelin
recruit_character = NOR_Finn_Storen
recruit_character = NOR_Axel_Stang
recruit_character = NOR_Johan_Lippestad
recruit_character = NOR_Haavard_Langseth
recruit_character = NOR_Johan_Strand_Johansen
recruit_character = NOR_Fredrik_Monsen
recruit_character = NOR_Ole_Colbjornsen
recruit_character = NOR_Adolf_Indrebo
recruit_character = NOR_Ragnar_Frisch
recruit_character = NOR_Kornelius_Bergsvik
recruit_character = NOR_Oscar_Torp
recruit_character = NOR_Jens_Isak_Kobro
recruit_character = NOR_Per_Berg_Lund
recruit_character = NOR_Ole_Bæroe
recruit_character = NOR_Sven_Nielsen
recruit_character = NOR_Jon_Sundby
recruit_character = NOR_Nicolai_Rygg
recruit_character = NOR_Alf_Larsen_Whist
recruit_character = NOR_Axel_Aubert
recruit_character = NOR_Eivind_Blehr
recruit_character = NOR_Frederik_Prytz
recruit_character = NOR_Carl_Frolich_Hanssen
recruit_character = NOR_Tormod_Hustad
recruit_character = NOR_Henry_Wilhelm_Kristiansen
recruit_character = NOR_Sverre_Krogh
recruit_character = NOR_Emil_Stang
recruit_character = NOR_Olav_Hindahl
recruit_character = NOR_Alfred_Madsen
recruit_character = NOR_Jakob_Friis
recruit_character = NOR_Paul_Hartmann
recruit_character = NOR_Terje_Wold
recruit_character = NOR_Arne_Sunde
recruit_character = NOR_Haakon_Sund
recruit_character = NOR_Harald_Gram
recruit_character = NOR_Odd_Klingenberg
recruit_character = NOR_Ivar_Kirkeby_Garstad
recruit_character = NOR_Nils_Trædal
recruit_character = NOR_Herman_Harris_Aall
recruit_character = NOR_Ragnar_Skancke
recruit_character = NOR_Per_von_Hirsch
recruit_character = NOR_Rolf_Jorgen_Fuglesang
recruit_character = NOR_Arnvid_Vasbotten
recruit_character = NOR_Sverre_Riisnæs
recruit_character = NOR_Andreas_Wettre
recruit_character = NOR_Carl_Johan_Erichsen
recruit_character = NOR_Arne_Gausla
recruit_character = NOR_Oliver_Moystad
recruit_character = NOR_Olaf_Kullmann
recruit_character = NOR_Kjeld_Stub_Irgens
recruit_character = NOR_Georg_Jacob_Falck_Bull
recruit_character = NOR_Bjarne_Oen
recruit_character = NOR_Ole_Reistad
recruit_character = NOR_Birger_Fredrik_Motzfeldt
recruit_character = NOR_Hjalmar_Riiser_Larsen
recruit_character = NOR_Tryggve_Gran
recruit_character = NOR_Konrad_Sundlo
recruit_character = NOR_Henrik_Rogstad
recruit_character = NOR_Birger_Eriksen
recruit_character = NOR_Birger_Ljungberg

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = NOR_Sverre_Stostad_hog_lib
activate_advisor = NOR_Nordahl_Grieg_for_lib
activate_advisor = NOR_Adolf_Indrebo_eco_lib
activate_advisor = NOR_Alfred_Madsen_sec_lib