capital = 10

oob = "POL"

country_event = { id = poland.1 days = 1 }
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.40
set_war_support = 0.45

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 2
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "POL_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "POL_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

give_guarantee = LAT
give_guarantee = LIT
puppet = LIT

# DIPLOMACY
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = LIT
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1935.11.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 0
  libertarian_socialist = 0
  social_democrat = 10
  social_liberal = 25
  market_liberal = 1
  social_conservative = 25
  authoritarian_democrat = 30
  paternal_autocrat = 4
  national_populist = 5
  valkist = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	POL_Lithuanian_unrest
	limited_conscription
	GEN_entente_member
	POL_poland_ab_idea
	POL_advisors_council
	constitutional_monarchy
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "PZL P.24"
	type = fighter_equipment_0
	upgrades = {
		plane_gun_upgrade = 3
		plane_range_upgrade = 0  
		plane_engine_upgrade = 1
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 3
	}
}

recruit_character = POL_Wincenty_Witos
recruit_character = POL_Wojciech_Korfanty
recruit_character = POL_Jędrzej_Moraczewski
recruit_character = POL_Walery_Sławek
recruit_character = POL_Franciszek_I_Radziwiłł
recruit_character = POL_Bolesław_Piasecki
recruit_character = POL_Adolf_Warski
recruit_character = POL_Roża_Luxemburg
recruit_character = POL_Roman_Dmowski
recruit_character = POL_Julian_Leszczyński
recruit_character = POL_Wacław_Krzeptowski
recruit_character = POL_Edward_Rydz_Śmigły
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Kasprzycki
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Piłsudski
recruit_character = POL_Bolesław_Roja
recruit_character = POL_Stanisław_Burhardt_Bukacki
recruit_character = POL_Lucjan_Żeligowski
recruit_character = POL_Stanisław_Maczek
recruit_character = POL_Władysław_Sikorski
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Haller
recruit_character = POL_Henryk_Minkiewicz
recruit_character = POL_Stanisław_Szeptycki
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Mosdorf
recruit_character = POL_Henryk_Rossman
recruit_character = POL_Ignacy_Mościcki
recruit_character = POL_Adolf_Bniński
recruit_character = POL_Aleksander_Prystor
recruit_character = POL_Jerzy_Kurcyusz
recruit_character = POL_Stanisław_Głąbiński
recruit_character = POL_Maciej_Rataj
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Sosnkowski
recruit_character = POL_Ignacy_Daszyński
recruit_character = POL_Jędrzej_Giertych
recruit_character = POL_Stanisław_Kozicki
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Feliks_Ciszewski
recruit_character = POL_Maria_Koszutska
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Chądzyński
recruit_character = POL_Adam_Koc
recruit_character = POL_Leon_Marchlewski
recruit_character = POL_Roman_Rybarski
recruit_character = POL_Stanisław_Mikołajczyk
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Todtleben
recruit_character = POL_Tomasz_Arciszewski
recruit_character = POL_Jan_Jodzewicz
recruit_character = POL_Karol_Popiel
recruit_character = POL_Kazimierz_Pużak
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Bielecki
recruit_character = POL_Tadeusz_Gluziński
recruit_character = POL_Jozef_Zając

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.11"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.24"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "PZL P.23"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
	}
}