capital = 42
oob = "RHI"

set_research_slots = 3

set_stability = 0.3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
		}
	}
}

set_convoys = 50
set_stability = 0.40
set_war_support = 0.25

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 0
  fasci = 10
  social_democrat = 16
  liberal = 0
  illuminist = 0
  social_conservative = 15
  paternal = 28
  paternal_autocrat = 0
  national_populist = 16
  revivalist = 15
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_20
  disarmed_nation
  RHI_S_rhineland_coal
  RHI_S_disarmed
  RHI_S_political_powderkeg
  RHI_S_melting_pot
  RHI_S_rhenish_freikorps
  RHI_S_spectre_of_spartacists
  RHI_S_einstein
  GEN_entente_member

  colonial_government
}


recruit_character = RHI_Josef_Friedrich_Matthes
recruit_character = RHI_Paul_Tirard
recruit_character = RHI_Charles_Mangin
recruit_character = RHI_Hans_Adam_Dorten
recruit_character = RHI_Heinrich_Himmler
recruit_character = RHI_Konrad_Adenauer
recruit_character = RHI_Rudolf_Rocker
recruit_character = RHI_Wilhelm_Zaisser
recruit_character = RHI_Hans_Marchwitza
recruit_character = RHI_Rudolf_Breitscheid
recruit_character = RHI_Adolphe_Guillaumat
recruit_character = RHI_Louis_Theodore_Kleinmann
recruit_character = RHI_Henri_Mordacq
recruit_character = RHI_Albert_Tanant
recruit_character = RHI_Victor_Louis_Goybet
recruit_character = RHI_Kurt_Tucholsky
recruit_character = RHI_Victor_Hay
recruit_character = RHI_Otto_Lichtschlag
recruit_character = RHI_Walter_Kreiser
recruit_character = RHI_William_Seeds
recruit_character = RHI_Andre_Francois_Poncet
recruit_character = RHI_Theodor_Reismann_Grone
recruit_character = RHI_Walter_Stennes
recruit_character = RHI_Walter_Kolb
recruit_character = RHI_Franz_Blucher
recruit_character = RHI_EF_Schumachher
recruit_character = RHI_Emil_Kirdorf
recruit_character = RHI_Georg_Buch
recruit_character = RHI_Wilhelm_Rombach
recruit_character = RHI_Karl_von_Starck
recruit_character = RHI_Walther_Lichtschlag
recruit_character = RHI_Franz_Pfeffer_von_Salomon
recruit_character = RHI_Heinrich_von_Vietinghoff
recruit_character = RHI_Ernst_Busch
recruit_character = RHI_Smilo_Freiher_von_Luttwitz
recruit_character = RHI_Karl_Adolf_Hollidt
recruit_character = RHI_Gunther_Korten
recruit_character = RHI_Adolf_Galland
recruit_character = RHI_Albert_Leo_Schlageter
recruit_character = RHI_Viktor_Lutze
recruit_character = RHI_Hans_Salmuth
recruit_character = RHI_Ludwig_Cruwell
recruit_character = RHI_Curt_Gallenkamp

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = RHI_Victor_Hay_hog_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_William_Seeds_for_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_EF_Schumachher_eco_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_Karl_von_Starck_sec_ade
activate_advisor = RHI_Charles_Mangin_cos_pau