capital = 563

oob = "RUS"

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	extensive_conscription
  RUS_russian_emigres
  RUS_allied_eastern_comission
  RUS_democratic_opposition
  RUS_old_army
	partial_economic_mobilisation
	parliamentary_republic
}

set_technology = {
	
	fuel_silos = 1

	#### 00_default_template ####
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1	
	tech_engineers = 1
	marines = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	#### AIR ####
	
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			fighter1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = {
    NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  }
  
}
if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
    basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_naval_oob = "RUS_naval_mtg"
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "RUS_naval_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			basic_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			early_battlecruiser = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 30
set_stability = 0.56
set_war_support = 0.61

country_event = {
	id = rus.0
	days = 1
}

country_event = {
	id = rus.2
	days = 27
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = paternal
	last_election = "1922.12.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
    vanguardist = 0
    collectivist = 0
    fasci = 0
    social_democrat = 5
    liberal = 11
    illuminist = 12
    social_conservative = 16
    paternal = 30
    paternal_autocrat = 5
    national_populist = 6
    revivalist = 15
}

recruit_character = RUS_Grigory_Semyonov
recruit_character = RUS_Michael_Alexandrovich_Georgievsky
recruit_character = RUS_Alexandr_Danilovich_Allfyorov
recruit_character = RUS_Lavr_Kornilov
recruit_character = RUS_Vasily_Maklakov
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_Avksentiev
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_Maysky
recruit_character = RUS_Pyotr_Wrangel
recruit_character = RUS_Anton_Denikin
recruit_character = RUS_Anatoly_Pepelyaev
recruit_character = RUS_Boris_Annenkov
recruit_character = RUS_Sergey_Baranovsky
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Khanzhin
recruit_character = RUS_Dmitry_Semenov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Gulidov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Tolstov
recruit_character = RUS_Leonid_Skipetrov
recruit_character = RUS_Vasiliy_Boldyrev
recruit_character = RUS_Pavel_Shatilov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Kappel
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Drozdovsky
recruit_character = RUS_Anton_Turkul
recruit_character = RUS_Mitrofan_Nezhentsev
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_Romanovsky
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksander_Kutepov
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Levitov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_von_Manstein
recruit_character = RUS_Sergei_Markov
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_Timanovsky
recruit_character = RUS_Anatoly_Rogozhin
recruit_character = RUS_Fedor_Abramov
recruit_character = RUS_Vasili_Chernetsov
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_Polyakov
recruit_character = RUS_Pyotr_Popov
recruit_character = RUS_Vyacheslav_Naumenko
recruit_character = RUS_Yevgeny_Miller
recruit_character = RUS_Pavel_Bermondt_Avalov
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Kvetsinsky
recruit_character = RUS_Konstantin_Mamontov
recruit_character = RUS_Viktor_Pokrovsky
recruit_character = RUS_Abram_Dragomirov
recruit_character = RUS_Alexei_Kaledin
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Alekseyev
recruit_character = RUS_Gennadij_Bukaev
recruit_character = RUS_Sergey_Wojciechowski
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_Kolomeitsev
recruit_character = RUS_Nestor_Monastyrev
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_Smirnow
recruit_character = RUS_Georgiy_Stark
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Gerasimov
recruit_character = RUS_National_Council_of_Salvation
recruit_character = RUS_Spiridon_Dionisovich_Merkulov
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Diterikhs
recruit_character = RUS_Arkadiy_Stolypin
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Romanov_Krasinsky
recruit_character = RUS_Boris_Savinkov
recruit_character = RUS_Yury_Alexeevich_Shrinsky_Shikmatov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_M_Zenzinov
recruit_character = RUS_Venedikt_Miakotin
recruit_character = RUS_Pavel_N_Milyukov
recruit_character = RUS_Vasily_G_Boldyrev
recruit_character = RUS_Georgiy_P_Ignatiev
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_S_Trubetskoy
recruit_character = RUS_Felix_F_Yusupov
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_S_Lukomsky
recruit_character = RUS_Patriarch_Kiril
recruit_character = RUS_Vasily_Kanin
recruit_character = RUS_Lev_N_Gumilov
recruit_character = RUS_Regency_Council
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_M_Purishkevich
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_V_Ustryalov
recruit_character = RUS_Sergei_G_Romanovski
recruit_character = RUS_Viktor_L_Pokrovsky
recruit_character = RUS_Viktor_M_Baydalakov
recruit_character = RUS_Fanni_Y_Kaplan
recruit_character = RUS_Viktor_M_Chernov
recruit_character = RUS_Ariadna_V_Tyrkova_Williams
recruit_character = RUS_Georgiy_V_Vernadsky
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_I_Tereshchenko
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_V_Nekrasov
recruit_character = RUS_Pyotr_B_Struve
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_I_Konovalov
recruit_character = RUS_Alexei_M_Nikitin
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_D_Nabokov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_P_Paley
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_A_Taube
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Galitzine
recruit_character = RUS_Alexei_A_Ignatiev
recruit_character = RUS_Boris_V_Sturmer
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_Dikgof_Derental
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_L_Kazembek
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksei_N_Tolstoy
recruit_character = RUS_Dmitri_M_Odinets
recruit_character = RUS_Alexander_Vuygrler
recruit_character = RUS_Andrei_D_Sakharov
recruit_character = RUS_Vadim_V_Rudnev
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_P_Smirnov
recruit_character = RUS_Alexey_Peshekhonov
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_V_Bernacki
recruit_character = RUS_Wassily_Leontief
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_G_Erdeli
recruit_character = RUS_Sergei_Bulgakov
recruit_character = RUS_Alexei_P_Arkhangelskiy
recruit_character = RUS_Dmitri_Pavlovich_Romanov
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Rodzyanko
recruit_character = RUS_Pavel_N_Ignatiev
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_N_Kokovtsov
recruit_character = RUS_Nikanor_V_Savic
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_A_Maklakov
recruit_character = RUS_Andrey_I_Zankevich
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_P_Krasnov
recruit_character = RUS_Yuri_V_Kluchnikov
recruit_character = RUS_Georgiy_Gins
recruit_character = RUS_Grigory_Gershuni
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_L_Burtsev
recruit_character = RUS_Andrei_I_Shingarev
recruit_character = RUS_Vasily_A_Kharlamov
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_D_Protopopov
recruit_character = RUS_Matvey_Skobelev
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_Gredeskul
recruit_character = RUS_Vasily_Shulgin
recruit_character = RUS_Sergei_P_Melgunov
recruit_character = RUS_Sergius_of_Nizhny_Novgorod
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_P_Balk
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_P_Vladimir
recruit_character = RUS_Pyotr_Krasnov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_Malyshkin
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_A_Galich
recruit_character = RUS_Anatoly_MacReady_Stenroos
recruit_character = RUS_Bronislav_V_Kaminski
recruit_character = RUS_Emma_Dikgof_Derental
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_A_Ilyin
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_D_Bonch_Bruyevich
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_N_Dukhonin
recruit_character = RUS_Jevgenij_von_Rommel
recruit_character = RUS_Boris_V_Annenkov
recruit_character = RUS_Vasily_V_Biskupsky
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_Belov
recruit_character = RUS_Nikolai_A_Lokhvitski
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_Rodzyanko
recruit_character = RUS_Aleksandr_S_Antonov
recruit_character = RUS_Konstantin_P_Voskoboinik
recruit_character = RUS_Mikhail_Berens
recruit_character = RUS_Nestor_A_Monastyrev
recruit_character = RUS_Ivan_F_Bosrem
recruit_character = RUS_Robert_von_Wiren
recruit_character = RUS_Dmitri_Nenyukov
recruit_character = RUS_Boris_Makaroff
recruit_character = RUS_Boris_A_Vilkitsky
recruit_character = RUS_Igor_I_Sikorsky
recruit_character = RUS_Vyacheslav_Tkachov
recruit_character = RUS_Vladimir_III

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = RUS_Vasily_Kanin_hog_ade
activate_advisor = RUS_Mikhail_A_Taube_for_ade
activate_advisor = RUS_Vladimir_N_Kokovtsov_eco_ade
activate_advisor = RUS_Sergei_P_Melgunov_sec_ade