capital = 275

oob = "SAF"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "SAF_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		iw_medium_airframe = 1
		iw_large_airframe = 1
		basic_medium_airframe = 1
		basic_small_airframe = 1
		aircraft_construction = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SAF_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			cv_early_fighter = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_destroyer = 1
			transport = 1
		}
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_40
	ENG_statute_autonomy
	SAF_Rhodesia_Unrest
	SAF_Integration_Resist
	SAF_Boer_Legacy
	SAF_Anti_British_Sentiment
	constitutional_monarchy
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_convoys = 30
set_stability = 0.62
set_war_support = 0.33

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
	last_election = "1933.5.17"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 1
  collectivist = 8
  fasci = 0
  social_democrat = 4
  liberal = 0
  illuminist = 29
  social_conservative = 0
  authoritarian_democrat = 42
  paternal_autocrat = 12
  national_populist = 0
  revivalist = 4
}

recruit_character = SAF_James_La_Guma
recruit_character = SAF_Solomon_Sachs
recruit_character = SAF_Sidney_Bunting
recruit_character = SAF_Alex_Hepple
recruit_character = SAF_J_G_N_Strauss
recruit_character = SAF_Jan_C_Smuts
recruit_character = SAF_James_Hertzog
recruit_character = SAF_Nicolaas_Havenga
recruit_character = SAF_D_F_Malan
recruit_character = SAF_J_F_van_Rensburg
recruit_character = SAF_Goolam_Gool
recruit_character = SAF_Bram_Fischer
recruit_character = SAF_Yusuf_Dadoo
recruit_character = SAF_Thabo_Mofutsanyana
recruit_character = SAF_Lazar_Bach
recruit_character = SAF_Frederic_Creswell
recruit_character = SAF_Jimmy_Green
recruit_character = SAF_Walter_Madeley
recruit_character = SAF_Alan_Paton
recruit_character = SAF_Jan_Hendrik_Hofmeyr
recruit_character = SAF_Pieter_van_der_Byl
recruit_character = SAF_J_G_Strijdom
recruit_character = SAF_Moses_Kotane
recruit_character = SAF_Douglas_Wolton
recruit_character = SAF_W_H_Andrews
recruit_character = SAF_Thomas_Boydell
recruit_character = SAF_Deneys_Reitz
recruit_character = SAF_Ben_Schoeman
recruit_character = SAF_C_F_Stallard
recruit_character = SAF_F_C_Erasmus
recruit_character = SAF_James_Mitchell_Baker
recruit_character = SAF_Leonard_Beyers
recruit_character = SAF_Pierre_van_Ryneveld
recruit_character = SAF_Christian_du_Toit
recruit_character = SAF_Francois_Theron
recruit_character = SAF_JF_Naude
recruit_character = SAF_Pieter_de_Waal
recruit_character = SAF_Adolph_Malan
recruit_character = SAF_Christoffel_Venter
recruit_character = SAF_Stephen_Melville
recruit_character = SAF_Lord_Hyde
recruit_character = SAF_Clement_Kadalie
recruit_character = SAF_David_Ivon_Jones
recruit_character = SAF_Nicolaas_Jacobus_de_Wet
recruit_character = SAF_Patrick_Duncan
recruit_character = SAF_George_Brink
recruit_character = SAF_Dan_Pienaar
recruit_character = SAF_Hendrik_Klopper
recruit_character = SAF_Isaac_Pierre_de_Villiers
recruit_character = SAF_Nick_Bierman
recruit_character = SAF_Evered_Poole
recruit_character = SAF_Guy_Hallifax
recruit_character = SAF_Alfred_Bitini_Xuma
recruit_character = SAF_Tielman_Roos

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = SAF_James_Hertzog_hog_ade
activate_advisor = SAF_Jan_C_Smuts_for_sco
activate_advisor = SAF_Pieter_van_der_Byl_eco_sco
activate_advisor = SAF_Ben_Schoeman_sec_ade