capital = 165

oob = "SPA"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "C Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2

		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Churruca Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1

		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}

	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_submarine = 1
			early_destroyer = 1
			basic_destroyer = 1
			early_light_cruiser = 1
			early_heavy_cruiser = 1
			basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
			early_battleship = 1
			transport = 1
		}
		
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "C Class"
			type = submarine_1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
				sub_engine_upgrade = 1
				sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
				sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Churruca Class"
			type = light_cruiser_1
			upgrades = {
				ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
				ship_engine_upgrade = 1
				ship_gun_upgrade = 1
				ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
			}
		}
	}
}

give_military_access = SPR

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_80
	SPR_SPM_SPF_SPA_spanish_civil_war_idea
	SPA_disunity_among_left_idea
	SPA_opposing_militia_groups_idea
	SPR_SPM_SPF_SPA_prolonged_recession_idea
	
	extensive_conscription
	low_economic_mobilisation
	workers_republic
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = collectivist
	last_election = "1935.11.14"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	vanguardist = 8
	collectivist = 33
	fasci = 33
	social_democrat = 10
	liberal = 5
	illuminist = 0
	social_conservative = 4
	paternal = 3
	futurist = 0
	despotist = 4
	revivalist = 0
}

add_coalition_vanguardist = yes 
add_coalition_fasci = yes 
add_coalition_social_democrat = yes 

set_convoys = 150
set_stability = 0.65
set_war_support = 0.80

recruit_character = SPA_Jose_Cazorla_Maure
recruit_character = SPA_Jose_Diaz_Ramos
recruit_character = SPA_Francisco_Largo_Caballero
recruit_character = SPA_Juan_Negrin
recruit_character = SPA_Juan_Modesto
recruit_character = SPA_Buenaventura_Durruti
recruit_character = SPA_Cipriano_Mera_Sanz
recruit_character = SPA_Enrique_Lister_Forjan
recruit_character = SPA_The_CNT_FAI_Congress
recruit_character = SPA_Dolores_Ibarruri
recruit_character = SPA_Andres_Nin_Perez
recruit_character = SPA_Santiago_Carrillo_Solares
recruit_character = SPA_Vicente_Uribe_Galdeano
recruit_character = SPA_Joaquin_Maurin
recruit_character = SPA_Juan_Garcia_Oliver
recruit_character = SPA_Angel_Pestana_Nunez
recruit_character = SPA_Anastasio_de_Gracia_Villarrubia
recruit_character = SPA_Jesus_Hernandez_y_Tomas
recruit_character = SPA_Jordi_Arquer
recruit_character = SPA_Eduardo_de_Guzman
recruit_character = SPA_Julian_Besteiro_Fernandez
recruit_character = SPA_Julio_Alvarez_del_Vayo
recruit_character = SPA_Fernando_de_los_Rios_Urruti
recruit_character = SPA_Enrique_Castro_Delgado
recruit_character = SPA_Rafael_Vidiella_Franch
recruit_character = SPA_Miquel_Valdes_i_Valdes
recruit_character = SPA_Federica_Monsteny_Mane
recruit_character = SPA_Joaquin_Ascaso_Budria
recruit_character = SPA_Juan_Lopez_Sanchez
recruit_character = SPA_Juan_Peiro_Belis
recruit_character = SPA_Belamino_Tomas_Alvarez
recruit_character = SPA_Felix_Gordon_Ordas
recruit_character = SPA_Antonio_Mije
recruit_character = SPA_Joaquin_Grimau_Garcia
recruit_character = SPA_Valentin_Gonzalez_Gonzalez
recruit_character = SPA_Angel_Galarza_y_Gago
recruit_character = SPA_Antonio_Ortega_Gutierrez
recruit_character = SPA_Indalecio_Prieto
recruit_character = SPA_Emilio_Kleber
recruit_character = SPA_Francisco_Ascaso_Budria

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = SPA_Jose_Diaz_Ramos_hog_col
activate_advisor = SPA_Andres_Nin_Perez_for_col
activate_advisor = SPA_Vicente_Uribe_Galdeano_eco_col
activate_advisor = SPA_Buenaventura_Durruti_sec_col