capital = 3

oob = "SWI"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_air_oob = "SWI_air_bba"
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SWI_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = illuminist
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no

}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 1
  fasci = 2
  social_democrat = 19
  liberal = 2
  illuminist = 37
  social_conservative = 24
  paternal = 7
  paternal_autocrat = 4
  national_populist = 3
  revivalist = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	limited_conscription
	
	direct_democracy
	SWI_arms_industry
	SWI_die_schweizer_armee
	SWI_the_swiss_banking_act
	SWI_swiss_neutrality
}

set_stability = 0.50
set_war_support = 0.2

recruit_character = SWI_Federal_Council
recruit_character = SWI_Louis_of_Montmollin
recruit_character = SWI_Emil_Sonderegger
recruit_character = SWI_Dr_Maximillian_Kleiner
recruit_character = SWI_Fritz_Platten
recruit_character = SWI_Henri_Guisan
recruit_character = SWI_Eugen_Bircher
recruit_character = SWI_Gustave_Combe
recruit_character = SWI_Hermann_Fluckiger
recruit_character = SWI_Jakob_Labhardt
recruit_character = SWI_Hans_Bandi
recruit_character = SWI_Jean_de_Muralt
recruit_character = SWI_Marino_Bodenmann
recruit_character = SWI_Jules_Humbert_Droz
recruit_character = SWI_Enrico_Celio
recruit_character = SWI_Ernst_Nobs
recruit_character = SWI_Charles_Oser
recruit_character = SWI_Eduard_von_Steiger
recruit_character = SWI_Giuseppe_Motta
recruit_character = SWI_Max_Petitpierre
recruit_character = SWI_Philipp_Etter
recruit_character = SWI_Albert_Meyer
recruit_character = SWI_Ernst_Wetter
recruit_character = SWI_Johannes_Baumann
recruit_character = SWI_Karl_Kobelt
recruit_character = SWI_Marcel_Pilet_Golaz
recruit_character = SWI_Walther_Stampfli
recruit_character = SWI_Oskar_Leimgruber
recruit_character = SWI_Franz_Burri
recruit_character = SWI_Johann_Otto_Kellerhals
recruit_character = SWI_Jakob_Herzog
recruit_character = SWI_Rudolf_Gelpke
recruit_character = SWI_Jakob_I_Huber
recruit_character = SWI_Karl_Zeltner
recruit_character = SWI_Leo_Niklaus_Lejeune
recruit_character = SWI_Max_Kaufmann
recruit_character = SWI_Justus_Stocklin
recruit_character = SWI_Jacob_Lorenz
recruit_character = SWI_Ernst_Leonhardt
recruit_character = SWI_Franz_Welti
recruit_character = SWI_Charles_Naine
recruit_character = SWI_Leo_Schweizer
recruit_character = SWI_Otto_Gass
recruit_character = SWI_Werner_Jenni
recruit_character = SWI_Ernst_Weber
recruit_character = SWI_Jakob_Mosimann
recruit_character = SWI_Leonardo_Castelli
recruit_character = SWI_Friedrich_Traugott_Wahlen
recruit_character = SWI_Rudolf_Minger
recruit_character = SWI_Hans_Oehler
recruit_character = SWI_Max_Leo_Keller
recruit_character = SWI_Heinrich_Abbegg
recruit_character = SWI_Ernest_Paul_Graber
recruit_character = SWI_Ernst_Loliger
recruit_character = SWI_Guido_Miescher
recruit_character = SWI_Hans_Leupin
recruit_character = SWI_Traugott_Meyer
recruit_character = SWI_Edmund_Schulthess
recruit_character = SWI_Felix_Calonder
recruit_character = SWI_Gonzague_de_Reynold
recruit_character = SWI_Hugo_Gschwind
recruit_character = SWI_Max_Waibel
recruit_character = SWI_Heinrich_Rothmund
recruit_character = SWI_Paul_Frutig
recruit_character = SWI_Arthur_Fonjallaz
recruit_character = SWI_Paul_Gurtler
recruit_character = SWI_Hans_Max_Huber
recruit_character = SWI_Paul_Rossy
recruit_character = SWI_Ernst_Laur
recruit_character = SWI_Rene_von_Graffenried
recruit_character = SWI_JD_de_Montenach
recruit_character = SWI_Etienne_Primault
recruit_character = SWI_Fritz_Rihner
recruit_character = SWI_Carl_Burckhardt_de_Reynold
recruit_character = SWI_Oskar_Bider
recruit_character = SWI_Alfred_Sarasin
recruit_character = SWI_Robert_Tobler

### Starting Ministers
activate_advisor = SWI_Johannes_Baumann_hog_mli
activate_advisor = SWI_Marcel_Pilet_Golaz_for_mli
activate_advisor = SWI_Friedrich_Traugott_Wahlen_eco_mli
activate_advisor = SWI_Heinrich_Rothmund_sec_mli